Translates NPM packages to Nix expressions.

### Advantages over `npm2nix`

`npm2nix` generates the entire dependency tree for an npm package. This is inefficient and also hard to grok or debug. The packages generated by `nixfromnpm` are easily human readable. Furthermore, they can be modified as desired after they are built, and these modifications will remain in place. For example, if a package relies on non-NPM dependencies, or requires extra build steps such as patching, these changes can be added by hand and will be respected down the line. In addition, since builds use pre-existing packages, repeated expression generation is fast.

### Installation

First, nix needs to be installed. Then to install `nixfromnpm`, just use nix:

```
$ nix-env -f /path/to/nixfromnpm -i
```

### Usage

#### Basics

The most basic usage is providing `-p` and `-o` flags:

```
$ nixfromnpm -p "package_name" -o /some/path
```

This will build the package called `package_name` and put all of the generated expressions in `/some/path`.

#### Extra registries

For a package in a private repo located at `https://my.registry:2345`:

```
$ nixfromnpm -p "private_package" -o /some/path -R https://my.registry:2345
```

#### Github authorization

For npm packages which fetch from git, if an authorization token is required:

```
$ nixfromnpm -p "package" -o /some/path --github-token llnl23uinlaskjdno34nedhoaidjn5o48wugn
```

This can also be set by a `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable.

#### Caching of packages

By default, `nixfromnpm` will discover all existing packages in the specified output directory (provided via tha `-o` flag). However, if you would like to generate all of these from scratch, you can disable caching with `--no-cache`.

#### Extending package libraries

If there is an existing set of packages located in `/path/to/library`, you might want to build a new set of packages without modifying the existing set. For example, it might be read-only, or you might want to separate private packages from public. You can do this with extensions:


```
$ nixfromnpm -p package -o /some/path -E /path/to/library
```

This will discover all of the packages in `/path/to/library` and make them available in the generated expressions at `/some/path`, but will not modify the library at all.

You can pass in multiple libraries with multiple invocations of `-E`, but the libraries must have distinct base names (e.g. `/path/lib1`, `/path/lib2`). If two libraries share a base name, you can rename them with a `NAME=PATH` syntax, e.g. `-E lib1=/path1/lib -E lib2=/path2/lib`.
